Add changes to WebSub/WebSubHub packages into the release note (#1834)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-release: release-notes/swan-lake-GA-release-note.md

#### Improvements

> ##### WebSub Package

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### `websub` Package
```

> - Add support for `readonly` parameters for remote methods

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the support for `readonly` parameters of remote methods
```

> #### WebSubHub Package

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### `websubhub` Package
```

> - Add support for `readonly` parameters for remote methods

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the support for `readonly` parameters of remote methods
```
